Various updates (#11023)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsOnlineLisLocation.md

This example changes the location description of the location specified by its location identity.

## PARAMETERS

### -CivicAddressId
Specifies the unique identifier of the civic address that contains the location to be modified.
Civic address identities can be discovered by using the \`Get-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress\` cmdlet.

> **Note:** This parameter is for Microsoft Internal use only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This parameter is for Microsoft internal use only.
```

```

### -Elin
Specifies the Emergency Location Identification Number. This is used in Direct Routing EGW scenarios.

> **Note:** You can set or change the ELIN, but you can't clear its value. If you need to clear the value, you should re-create the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can set or change the ELIN, but you can't clear its value. If you need to clear the value, you should recreate the location.
```
